docs: add `abort-vs-error` links + callouts to `Abort`-related pages (#239)
vikejs/telefunc: docs/pages/RPC/+Page.mdx

> Use `throw Abort()` to implement permission: only a logged-in user is allowed to fetch its to-do items.
> More about permissions at <Link href="/permissions" />.

> > You can `throw new Error()` to interrupt the telefunction call, but Telefunc won't relay the error data to the client. See <Link href="/abort-vs-error" />.

Author: i think the reference to "conveniences" in the original was useful. i thought it might be helpful to add a little bit of detail, but i agree that the docs shouldn't suggest `Abort` is only about relaying error data.

what are the other conveniences? is there a different way to summarize the role that `Abort` plays in a telefunc call?

it's not something i'd lose cycles over. if nothing comes to mind, i'd suggest a middle ground. something like
```suggestion
> `throw new Error()` will interrupt the telefunction call, but is treated as an un-handled exception. See <Link href="/abort-vs-error" />.
```
